originally produced a few years ago
founded in 1979 and the goal is
always a question of productivity
Professionalism efficiency and before
the people who earn their living better at the
placement serves to guide the
students after their training
we have the website where they can
have access to job offers we have
company visits and we also
companies that come to recruit
directly to college so after the
training there are a lot of possibilities
job
we aim for everything that touches
organizing and selling trips
which of course travel agencies that
it's the leisure agencies or
corporative is aimed at tour operators
we are targeting the airlines that little
to be posts at the airport to
destination cruise companies
so it's very very wide as
diversity of jobs
it's important to meet a council
admissions before registration for
come and validate that we are at the right
in law
training can be done on
different periods
in six months in seven months or in time
partial I go back now we have some
English groups groups
French speaking big bilingual one can
build particular schedules
so a lot of possibilities
according to people's needs in fact I
chose the college came out in too much
for his reputation also because he has
did a training that was short
duration
We study in college after the fort
savor a range of opportunities
then I can work in the world
of the trip that's what I wanted to do
to travel all the life so I realize
finally the dream of pampering goals
wicked nothing and his name is regularly
it's to allow you to have a
best idea of ​​what is one of
eight trips you are motivated if you
are passionate about traveling come to us
see